---
title: My Experience with the Asus PCE-AC68
date: 2016-04-02 00:00:00 Z
categories:
- tech
tags:
- stories
layout: post
section-type: post
---

Last week, I decided to load a custom firmware on my Netgear Nighthawk R7000.  I went with AsusWrt-Merlin. I noticied, however, my Asus PCE-AC68 would not find my 5Ghz network. However, all my other devices connected without an issue. I thought may been a driver issue. So reloaded the Asus drivers and still did not find my network. I remember on my Netgear firmware that I changed the channel to 161. The AsusWrt-Merlin firmware had auto channel option, however, Netgear you had to specify a channel to use. So I changed my AsusWrt-Merlin to channel 161 and rebooted. Voila it worked. 

I wanted to figure out how to set Asus PCE-AC68 to see more broadcasting channels. In my case, someone was already using the channel 161 and wanted to use a different channel on my network. I used the 3-day trial of [WiFi Explorer](https://www.adriangranados.com/apps/wifi-explorer) to see what channels were being used around my home. I went ahead and used to channel 132 for my experiment. 

The Asus PCE-AC68 uses a Broadcom BCM4360 chipset. Unfortunately, Broadcom does not suppy drivers on thier website. 

I sometimes run El Capitan on my hackintosh PC with the Asus PCE-AC68. I tried to see if it would connect to my 5Ghz network on channel 132. Suprise, it connected and showed up without an issue. El Capitan recognized the device shows all the supported channels under System Information. 

"Supported Channels:	1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 36, 40, 44, 48, 52, 56, 60, 64, 100, 104, 108, 112, 116, 120, 124, 128, 132, 136, 140, 144, 149, 153, 157, 161, 165"

To my knowledge, Windows, unfortunately does not have ability to see all the supported channels on a WiFi device. If you find out how to, let me know in the comments.  Some Mac's seem also to use the same chipset as my PCE-AC68. 

My idea, was to use the bootcamp drivers on my Macbook.  I setup bootcamp, and let me save the drivers from the flash drive.  It had a Broadcom folder and I used the drivers from there and it worked.  I was able to connect my Windows to the 5Ghz and channel 132, using the Apple's bootcamp drivers for the Broadcom BCM4360 chipset.

I uploaded the drivers [here](http://mtauberjr.xyz/files/BroadcomWirelessWin8x64.exe).
